20 cooking tricks from the most
prominent chefs
we can all agree that cooking is an art
I mean have you seen the stuff they do
on MasterChef just like every other form
of art there are certain rules that we
should follow in the kitchen in this
video bright side will tell you about 20
little-known tricks of the trade that
will make your dishes even tastier and
worthy of the world's best restaurants
20 chili peppers if you love Chili
Peppers but don't want tears rolling
down your cheeks every time you eat them
we'll let you in on a little secret
before you add the Chili Peppers to a
dish take out the seeds and veins from
the inside they're exactly what give the
pepper its spicy kick don't forget to
rinse the peppers in cold water to make
sure everything is gone now your safe to
eat them the spiciness will disappear
but the taste will stay the same
19 crispy potatoes making crispy
potatoes doesn't necessarily mean that
you have to fry them in oil which makes
the food more harmful to your health you
can get the same effect
just by powdering your potatoes with
flour and baking them in the oven try
this and tell us how much you like them
in the comment section below
plus your heart will thank you
18 healthy desserts if you love desserts
well who doesn't but you also value
being in good shape you can replace
heavy cream with whipped egg whites it's
not going to be as sweet but it'll still
be really yummy
17 cold water versus hot water if you're
not sure whether or not to put
vegetables in boiling or cold water
there is a simple tip that you should
keep in mind the vegetables that grow
underground require cold water and those
that grow above ground need hot water
for example you should put your potatoes
in cold water and what about corn you
got it hot water 16 whipping egg whites
sometimes when you're whipping egg
whites it's hard to tell when to stop so
here's a simple tip flip the bowl upside
down to check the consistency if it's
ready the substance should stay in the
bowl and if not ready you've got
yourself a mess to clean up sorry but we
warned you
fifteen baked beats do you like your
salads with beets so do we
so next time you want to add beets to a
salad it's better to bake them in
aluminum foil
rather than boil them the thing is baked
beets contain more vitamins and retain
more taste in color so your salad won't
just look better but it will also be
more delicious
14 cutting onions this is not a simple
task but there is a way to make it
faster and easier first cut the onion in
half and trim off the tip and the root
next make some horizontal cuts and
follow with some lengthwise ones the
number of cuts you make depends on the
size of the cubes you need finally slice
the onion crosswise and you're done
13 dressing a salad if you want the
perfect salad never forget this rule
always dress your salad only after
adding salt otherwise the oil in the
dressing won't let the salt dissolve
completely so you'll actually have to
chew bits of salt and that doesn't sound
very appetizing does it
twelve making pasta the worst thing that
can happen when cooking pasta is when it
sticks together the trick to prevent
this is quite simple use as much water
as possible you should take at least 34
ounces of water for four ounces of pasta
this ratio will get you the best results
making dough the secret to making the
perfect dough for sweet pastries is as
easy as one-two-three the weight of
flour should equal the weight of sugar
you're adding the same goes for the eggs
and butter their weight should be the
same two so we recommend getting a
kitchen scale ASAP if you still don't
have one
ten soft mashed potatoes preparing
creamy and smooth mashed potatoes isn't
as easy as it seems however there is a
trick that very few people know about
just pour in some milk and add a little
baking soda to the tip of the knife then
whip it whip it good for about two
minutes
nine juicy citrus fruits you can get
juicier citrus fruits by placing them in
hot water or heating them up in the
microwave and tightly rolling them in
your hand so when life gives you lemons
make juicier lemons no okay eight
checking oil we're not talking about
your cars oil of course although you
should check that too from time to time
if you're not sure whether or not you're
cooking oil is hot enough to fry
something grab a wooden stick if you see
bubbles forming around the stick it
means it's time to throw in those french
fries or are you more of an onion rings
kind of person
seven great rice ah the age-old battle
of cooking rice so that it doesn't turn
into a goopy mess to keep your rice from
sticking together fry it in a pan with a
bit of vegetable oil later add some
water to boil you can also add a clove
of garlic to give it a little aroma and
remove it after the rice is cooked
voila no more sticky pasty rice
six pasta with sauce if you like your
pasta with sauce you should never ever
add oil to the water you might not know
but the oil won't let the sauce saturate
the pasta with its taste so it'll just
feel like you're eating two different
foods kind of sitting there together on
one plate
five juicy tomatoes if you want to cut a
tomato without making a juicy mess
there's a way to cut the tomatoes flesh
without cutting into the liquidy part if
you look at the surface you can see
little veins that separate the seeds
from the tomatoes wall cut along those
and enjoy juicier tomatoes and a clean
hassle-free kitchen
for rolling dough whether you've done it
yourself or you've seen it on TV
pretty much everyone knows that the
cooking surface should be sprinkled with
flour before rolling pie dough however
if you're making something sweet you can
replace the flour with cocoa powder why
because it will create an appetizing
aroma but won't affect the taste at all
it's like culinary magic like this video
if you agree that smell is sometimes
just as important as taste 3 making
meatballs to make meatballs even more
mouth-watering chop up some onions and
heat them up in a splash of vegetable
oil then grind them together with the
meat
it'll both enhance the taste and
completely eliminate the chance of
finding raw onions in your cooked
meatballs don't get us wrong there's
nothing bad about raw onion but when the
dish is cooked you want all the
ingredients to be cooked
to making steak every chef has their own
secret to preparing the perfect steak
but there is one thing that absolutely
everyone agrees on the frying pan should
be smoking hot
no not like supermodel smoking-hot
we mean very hot and smoking this will
allow you to actually fry the meat
instead of boiling it how long you
decide to fry is up to you speaking of
which how do you like your steak rare
medium or well-done
one great butter of course butter is a
great thing
maybe not for your heart but for your
taste buds oh yeah but did you know that
you can grate butter when making pastry
dough you can grate frozen butter
straight into the dough this little
trick distributes the butter faster and
more evenly plus you don't have to wait
for the butter to warm up this will save
you a lot of time so that you can start
eating sooner do you have your own
cooking secrets share them in the
comment section below
like this video and share it with your
food loving friends and don't forget to
click subscribe to join us on the bright
side of life
you